A primary school lesson on social studies, reviewing the natural features of the local landscape, learning about different types of settlements and dwellings, and completing worksheets on the characteristics of local settlements.
Discussion on the theatre’s programme for 2009.
Discussion on the discontinuation of funding for community service as an alternative to a prison sentence.
Slovenian language lesson at secondary school. They studied literature and poetry. During the lesson, they reviewed what they had learnt in previous lessons.
Second year of secondary school
Pre-election debate between party leaders.
Programme with guests on the sale of a majority stake in a major Slovenian retail company.
Graffiti on a church.
Court ruling in favour of a teacher.
Morning radio programme.
Morning radio programme.
Morning radio programme.
Interview with a traveller from Iran.
Interview with a successful Slovenian skier.
Interview with a radio presenter.
Student radio programme.
Local radio programme in which listeners’ music requests are played.
Meeting of the language department at the university.
A conversation between three employees at a hunting and fishing shop: about working over the holidays, sending greeting cards to business partners, the stock-take at the start of the year, debts, customers, thefts, etc. As all three speakers work in a family business, much of the conversation is personal and unrelated to the business.
A conversation between a hairdresser, the customer he is cutting, and a third (regular) customer who is present during the haircut.
A conversation in a dentist’s surgery between a patient, the dentist and the assistant.
A conversation between a customer and a sales assistant in a jewellery shop.
A conversation between a customer and an employee of a telecommunications service provider.
A telephone conversation between a customer and an operator at the call centre of a company marketing telecommunications services.
A telephone conversation between a customer and an operator at the call centre of a company marketing telecommunications services.
A conversation between a grandmother, her granddaughter and her great-granddaughter whilst spending a free morning together. Topics include colouring a picture book, various incidents, doing sums...
A conversation between two friends about landlords and other events.
A daughter tells her mother about a film she has watched, events that took place over the weekend...
A family gathering to celebrate a family member passing a professional exam. Topics include the upcoming holiday, anecdotes from two family members’ travels, stories that happened to friends, and travel experiences with travel agencies in general.
A conversation between three members of an alternative music band after a rehearsal; topics mostly revolve around music, weekend events and plans for the coming days.
A mother and daughter chat over coffee about building a house, work, dreams, etc.
A grandmother and granddaughter are talking about volunteering on a European project, football, etc.
A father is telling his daughter about his memories from school, etc.
A conversation in a café between a foreigner and a local, who are meeting for the first time during this conversation, about the foreigner’s impressions and life.
A conversation between two friends about various current topics (a new dog, planning a trip, the situation in the choir, their mutual acquaintances, etc.).
A telephone conversation with a friend, mainly to arrange when and where they will meet.
A telephone conversation between two female friends about various topics, mostly about a trip from which one has recently returned.
A conversation between a brother and sister about what happened that day.
A conversation between a couple about current affairs and planning a holiday.
